---
title: Notes from October 16, 2018 meeting
categories:
  - Meetings
---


Attending:
Steve Holland, Iowa State
Matt Chery AFRL
Zhong Ouyang PW,
Pradip Ramuhalli, PNNL
Emily Guzas, NRL
Mike Jackson, Blue Quartz
Tim Harrell, Southhampton
Erik Frankforter, NASA Langley,
Bill Schneck, NASA Langley
Amanda Criner, AFRL
Tyler Lesthaeghe, UDRI
Vicki Cramb, UDRI
Paul Wilcox, Bristol, UK 
Jared Taylor, Iowa State

Github web hosting seems OK.
Steve will Register e.g. NDE-modeling.org or similar

NDE modeling group:
https://github.com/nde-modeling

NDE modeling site:
https://nde-modeling.github.io/


Question: NDE Modeling or data processing.
Suggest: Organize models by tags,
start with defining tags, each model would

Amanda Criner volunteers to organize list of
tags. Will send out a survey. 

#forwardmodel
#inversemodel
#ultrasonic
#radiography
#eddycurrent


Tags might identify possible inputs and outputs

How to post meeting minutes? email? github site? 
Start with email.

Post future meetings/telcons on site.

Thursday January 17th, 11ET/10CT/8PT for next meeting

Discussion of scope posted to website:

The scope of the working group is NDE modeling codes, tools, modeling
infrastructure, and other NDE related software that is redistributable
under an OSI-approved license. The scope also includes promotion and
awareness of open-source software that is useful and relevant to the
NDE modeling or NDE community, and the promotion of common file
formats and interoperability.

No objections to scope

possible titles:
nde-modeling (stick with it for the moment)
nde-software

List NDE software of relevance to NDE community.
Send links to Steve Holland <sdh4@iastate.edu>
also pictures for model web site. 

